hey guys this is ex andrew 2007 exterior
showing a new glitch on you turn this is
a simple wall breach simp first firstly
you will need to get 12 kills for the
remote sentry gun go below the highway
it should there should be a tunnel for
this wall breach to work you will need
to get your Centurion to be on top of
the hill and then back and forth like on
the incline of the hill and place it if
done correctly you will wall breach
through the wall and you know you can
pick off some kills kind of cool it also
works on the other side so it's very
useful I'm not sure who found this hope
you guys enjoy my commentating see ya
you're gonna God